# Daniel Takabayashi (Under Construction)
Bay Area - CA
### Software Engineering Manager & Principal Software Architect

This page was createed to show the most important projects I had the opportunity to participate, my technical certifications, and some publications.
This document is a public extension of my [resume](https://linkedin.com/takabayashi), if you neeed more information about me just send me an [e-mail](mailto:daniel.takabayashi@gmail.com).

Have fun!

## Main Projects

### Dr. Opinion

### Laguro.com

### YelpSpy

### Apache Marvin AI Platform

### Booska

### Scanboo

### Boomage

### Arche2

### Oikos Hub Platform


## Publications
### [Marvin - From exploratory models to production](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/marvin-ai/marvin-paper/master/from-exploratory-models-to-productions/marvin_paper.pdf)
October 2017
Papis.io

Marvin is an open source project that focuses on empowering data science teams to deliver complex solutions supported by a high-scale, low-latency, language agnostic and standardized architecture platform, while simplifying the process of exploration and modeling. Build model-dependent applications in a robust way is not trivial, one is required to have knowledge in advanced areas of sciences like computing, statistics and math. Marvin aims to abstract the complexities in the creation process of a scalable, high available, interoperable and maintainable software.

### [BooViews: Aspect-based Sentiment Analysis on Product Reviews combining SVM and CRF in Portuguese](http://propor2016.di.fc.ul.pt/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/GuilhermeNobrePROPORSRW2016.pdf)
July 2016
PROPOR – International Conference on the Computational Processing of Portuguese

Customers use product reviews to gather opinion regarding a product before making a purchase decision. Reviews are available in several e-commerce businesses and wrote by real customers. Companies can use these reviews to harness consumer information by artificial intelligence algorithms and automatically extract product information, such as review polarity and product aspects. In this paper, we cover techniques to classify reviews polarity, extract product aspects and classify them. The resulting SVM classifier got 91.7% of precision in classifying the sentiment of the reviews, 74.2% of F1-score using CRF to extract the product aspects and 79.9% of precision classifying aspect’s polarity.

### [Preprocessing Images to Improve Deep Neural Networks Classification](http://propor2016.di.fc.ul.pt/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/GuilhermeNobrePROPORSRW2016.pdf)
October 2015
Proceedings of XI Workshop de Visão Computacional

The amount of images used to train a classifier has a great impact in the algorithm’s performance. In the domain of e-commerce, most of the data set is formed by studio images and we demonstrate in this work that by multiplying the amount of images with different transformations can provide a significant boost on the overall performance of the classifier. Moreover, we list the challenges encountered in such task and present the improvements obtained with a classifier trained with additional images that were synthetically generated by applying several transformations on the original data set. Finally, we show that a Convolutional Neural Network, one of the current prominent algorithms in Computer Vision can be pooled together with binary classifiers for each class of images in order to predict images classes with great accuracy.


## Tech Certifications

### Java Enterprise Edition 5 Enterprise Architect Certified Master (Part 1)
July 2013 - Oracle

### IBM Certified System Administrator - WebSphere Application Server Network Deployment V8.0
March 2013 - IBM

### IBM Certified Administrator for SOA Solutions - WebSphere Process Server V7.0
March 2012 - IBM

### IBM Certified Deployment Professional - WebSphere Process Server V7.0
March 2012 - IBM

### IBM Certified SOA Solution Designer
February 2012 - IBM

### IBM Certified System Administrator - Connections 3.0
June 2011 - IBM

### IBM Certified System Administrator - WebSphere Application Server Network Deployment V7.0
June 2011 - IBM

### IBM Certified Application Developer - Rational Application Developer v7
January 2010 - IBM

### IBM Certified SOA Associate (01/2010)
January 2010 - IBM

### IBM Certified Associate Developer - WebSphere Studio, V5.0
November 2006 - IBM

### SCWCD - Sun Certified Web Component Developer for the Java 2 Platform, Enterprise Edition 1.4
May 2006 - Sun Microsystems

### SCJA - Sun Certified Associate for the Java 2 Platform, Standard Edition, Version 1.0
June 2005 - Sun Microsystems

### SCJP - Sun Certified Programmer for the Java 2 Plataform 1.4
January 2005 - Sun Microsystems
